api-reference/customers/kyc.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Customer KYC'
openapi: 'POST /customers/{id}/kyc'
---

<RequestExample>

```bash cURL
curl -X POST https://api.swervpay.co/api/v1/customers/{id}/kyc \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN>" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
	"tier": "FULL",
	"information": {
		"bvn": "12345678901",
		"state": "Lagos",
		"city": "Ikeja",
		"country": "Nigeria",
		"address": "No 1, Ikeja",
		"postal_code": "100001"
	},
	"document": {
		"documentType": "PASSPORT",
		"documentNumber": "A1234567",
		"document": "https://example.com/document.jpg",
		"passport": "https://example.com/passport.jpg"
	}
}'
```

```javascript Node.js
import { SwervpayClient } from '@swervpaydev/sdk';

const config = {
    secretKey: "<SECRET_KEY>",
    businessId: "<BUSINESS_ID>"
}

const swervpay = new SwervpayClient(config);

await swervpay.customer.kyc("<CUSTOMER_ID>", {
	tier: "FULL",
	information: {
		bvn: "12345678901",
		state: "Lagos",
		city: "Ikeja",
		country: "Nigeria",
		address: "No 1, Ikeja",
		postal_code: "100001"
	},
	document: {
		document_type: "PASSPORT",
		document_number: "A1234567",
		document: "https://example.com/document.jpg",
		passport: "https://example.com/passport.jpg"
	}
});
```

```php PHP
use Swervpaydev\SDK\Swervpay;

$config = [
	'business_id' => '<BUSINESS_ID>',
	'secret_key' => '<SECRET_KEY>'
];

$client = new Swervpay($config);

$client->customer()->kyc('<CUSTOMER_ID>', [
	'tier' => 'FULL',
	'information' => [
		'bvn' => '12345678901',
		'state' => 'Lagos',
		'city' => 'Ikeja',
		'country' => 'Nigeria',
		'address' => 'No 1, Ikeja',
		'postal_code' => '100001'
	],
	'document' => [
		'document_type' => 'PASSPORT',
		'document_number' => 'A1234567',
		'document' => 'https://example.com/document.jpg',
		'passport' => 'https://example.com/passport.jpg'
	]
]);
```


```go Go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"fmt"
	"github.com/swerv-ltd/swervpay-go"
	"log"
)

func main() {
	ctx := context.Background()

	client := swervpay.NewSwervpayClient(&swervpay.SwervpayClientOption{
        BusinessID: "<BUSINESS_ID>",
        SecretKey: "<SECRET_KEY>",
    })

    data := swervpay.CustomerKycBody{
        Tier: "FULL",
		Tier1: swervpay.Tier1KycInput{
			Bvn: "12345678901",
			State: "Lagos",
			City: "Ikeja",
			Country: "Nigeria",
			Address: "No 1, Ikeja",
			PostalCode: "100001",
		},
		Tier2: swervpay.Tier2KycInput{
			DocumentType: "PASSPORT",
			DocumentNumber: "A1234567",
			Document: "https://example.com/document.jpg",
			Passport: "https://example.com/passport.jpg",
		},
    }

	resp, err := client.Customer.Kyc(ctx, "<CUSTOMER_ID>",  data)

	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal("error", err.Error())
		return
	}
}
```

</RequestExample>

Commit message:

feat: update KYC documentation to include date of birth and base URLs

api-reference/customers/kyc.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Customer KYC'
openapi: 'POST /customers/{id}/kyc'
---

<RequestExample>

```bash cURL
curl -X POST https://api.swervpay.co/api/v1/customers/{id}/kyc \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN>" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
	"tier": "FULL",
	"information": {
		"bvn": "12345678901",
		"state": "Lagos",
		"city": "Ikeja",
		"country": "Nigeria",
		"address": "No 1, Ikeja",
		"postal_code": "100001",
		"date_of_birth": "1990-01-01"
	},
	"document": {
		"documentType": "PASSPORT",
		"documentNumber": "A1234567",
		"document": "https://example.com/document.jpg",
		"passport": "https://example.com/passport.jpg"
	}
}'
```

```javascript Node.js
import { SwervpayClient } from '@swervpaydev/sdk';

const config = {
    secretKey: "<SECRET_KEY>",
    businessId: "<BUSINESS_ID>"
}

const swervpay = new SwervpayClient(config);

await swervpay.customer.kyc("<CUSTOMER_ID>", {
	tier: "FULL",
	information: {
		bvn: "12345678901",
		state: "Lagos",
		city: "Ikeja",
		country: "Nigeria",
		address: "No 1, Ikeja",
		postal_code: "100001",
		date_of_birth: "1990-01-01"
	},
	document: {
		document_type: "PASSPORT",
		document_number: "A1234567",
		document: "https://example.com/document.jpg",
		passport: "https://example.com/passport.jpg"
	}
});
```

```php PHP
use Swervpaydev\SDK\Swervpay;

$config = [
	'business_id' => '<BUSINESS_ID>',
	'secret_key' => '<SECRET_KEY>'
];

$client = new Swervpay($config);

$client->customer()->kyc('<CUSTOMER_ID>', [
	'tier' => 'FULL',
	'information' => [
		'bvn' => '12345678901',
		'state' => 'Lagos',
		'city' => 'Ikeja',
		'country' => 'Nigeria',
		'address' => 'No 1, Ikeja',
		'postal_code' => '100001',
		'date_of_birth' => '1990-01-01'
	],
	'document' => [
		'document_type' => 'PASSPORT',
		'document_number' => 'A1234567',
		'document' => 'https://example.com/document.jpg',
		'passport' => 'https://example.com/passport.jpg'
	]
]);
```


```go Go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"fmt"
	"github.com/swerv-ltd/swervpay-go"
	"log"
)

func main() {
	ctx := context.Background()

	client := swervpay.NewSwervpayClient(&swervpay.SwervpayClientOption{
        BusinessID: "<BUSINESS_ID>",
        SecretKey: "<SECRET_KEY>",
    })

    data := swervpay.CustomerKycBody{
        Tier: "FULL",
		Tier1: swervpay.Tier1KycInput{
			Bvn: "12345678901",
			State: "Lagos",
			City: "Ikeja",
			Country: "Nigeria",
			Address: "No 1, Ikeja",
			PostalCode: "100001",
			DateOfBirth: "1990-01-01",
		},
		Tier2: swervpay.Tier2KycInput{
			DocumentType: "PASSPORT",
			DocumentNumber: "A1234567",
			Document: "https://example.com/document.jpg",
			Passport: "https://example.com/passport.jpg",
		},
    }

	resp, err := client.Customer.Kyc(ctx, "<CUSTOMER_ID>",  data)

	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal("error", err.Error())
		return
	}
}
```

</RequestExample>
